## 217. Contains Duplicate [link](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
Given an integer array `nums`, return `true` if any value appears **at least twice** in the array, and return `false` if every element is distinct.

Example 1:
```
Input: nums = [1,2,3,1]
Output: true
```
Example 2:
```
Input: nums = [1,2,3,4]
Output: false
```
Example 3:
```
Input: nums = [1,1,1,3,3,4,3,2,4,2]
Output: true
```

### Need to know
* Hash Table
* Array Sort
* Logic of iteration
```
for (int i = 0; i < nums.length; ++i) {
        for (int j = 0; j < i; ++j) {
            if (nums[j] == nums[i]) return true;  
        }
    }
```
#### Algorithm
To prove the correctness of the algorithm, we define the loop invariant. A loop invariant is a property that holds before (and after) each iteration. Knowing its invariant(s) is essential for understanding the effect of a loop. Here is the loop invariant:
> Before the next search, there are no duplicate integers in the searched integers.

The loop invariant holds true before the loop because there is no searched integer. Each time through the loop we look for any any possible duplicate of the current element. If we found a duplicate, the function exits by returning true; If not, the invariant still holds true.

Therefore, if the loop finishes, the invariant tells us that there is no duplicate in all nn integers.


### How can I do better next time?
1. Understand when to use Hash Table


### Solutions
#### Approach #1 (Naive Linear Search) [Time Limit Exceeded]
#### Approach #2 (Sorting) [Accepted]
> Idea: If there are any duplicate integers, they will be consecutive after sorting.
```
class Solution {
    public boolean containsDuplicate(int[] nums) {
        
        Arrays.sort(nums);
        for (int i = 0; i < nums.length - 1; i++) {
            if (nums[i] == nums[i+1]) {
                return true;
            }
        }
        return false;
    }
}
```

Complexity Analysis
* Time Complexity: 
* Space Complexity:

#### Approach #3 (Hash Table) [Accepted]
